#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
altair==5.4.1
    # via streamlit
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
anywidget==0.9.13
    # via -r requirements.in
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
black==24.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
bleach==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
blinker==1.8.2
    # via streamlit
bottle==0.12.25
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pywebview
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via streamlit
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   clr-loader
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   streamlit
clr-loader==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pythonnet
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   click
    #   ipython
    #   loguru
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
debugpy==1.8.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
executing==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbformat
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via streamlit
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
idna==3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
ipython==8.27.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipywidgets==8.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anywidget
    #   jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
jedi==0.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   pydeck
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
    #   tslearn
json5==0.9.25
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
jupyter==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.14.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
lightweight-charts==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
llvmlite==0.43.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   numba
loguru==0.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdown-it-py
mistune==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
narwhals==1.10.0
    # via altair
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
notebook==7.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numba==0.60.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tslearn
numpy==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   numba
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pydeck
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   streamlit
    #   tslearn
overrides==7.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   black
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   plotly
    #   streamlit
pandas==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lightweight-charts
    #   streamlit
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
pillow==10.4.0
    # via streamlit
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
plotly==5.24.1
    # via -r requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==5.28.3
    # via streamlit
proxy-tools==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pywebview
psutil==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
psygnal==0.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anywidget
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
pyarrow==17.0.0
    # via streamlit
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via pydantic
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via streamlit
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   rich
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-events
pythonnet==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pywebview
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pywebview==5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lightweight-charts
pywin32==306
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-core
pywinpty==2.0.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   terminado
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-events
pyzmq==26.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   streamlit
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
rpds-py==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scikit-learn==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tslearn
scipy==1.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
    #   tslearn
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
streamlit==1.39.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   plotly
    #   streamlit
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
tornado==6.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   streamlit
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
tslearn==0.6.3
    # via -r requirements.in
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240821
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arrow
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   anywidget
    #   ipython
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pywebview
    #   streamlit
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
watchdog==5.0.3
    # via streamlit
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==4.0.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
win32-setctime==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   loguru

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
